About this application:
    Leo's Lock implements the homework assignment. This application will take in
    all new username/password entries and store them in a sqlite3 database. The 
    passwords are encrypted according to the mode of operation indicated by the
    user. The flag is stored with the password, along with the username. If a
    username is typed in without a password, the application will search for a 
    match in the database and print out its password. Username and password 
    combinations can be checked as well by typing in the username and the 
    potential password. When a new entry is about to be created the user is 
    prompt to choose a mode of operations. The mode of operations that are 
    supported are ECB, CBC, and CTR. At its core, this application uses the
    pyaes library.

Installation:
    Run "sudo sh setup.sh"
    This shell script will install the pyaes library from the github repository.
    This application uses python and a sqlite3 database. However most linux
    distros and recent versions of Mac OS come preinstalled with python and
    sqlite3. The python sqlite module is part of Python Standard Library so no
    further installation is required.
    
Usage:
    python leolock.py
    
Final Note:
    I disagree with the design of this application. A new key should be created
    for every new entry. A master key would leave the encryption vulnerable. 
    I first planned on implementing some sort of password based key but this 
    required the password to be hashed. If the password is hashed it would
    be impossible to retrieve it at the request of the user. I gave up on this
    implementation and went forward according to the instructions of this
    assignment. 
    
    I have also tested my applications against sql injection attacks. Using "?"
    instead of "%s" during sql commands protects the application. I have 
    attempted a few attacks but all failed. You are all welcome to try! And please 
    let me know :)
    
Thanks,
Leonardo Kaestner
    
    
